Add Copilot Studio agent template for FinOps hubs (#2075)
microsoft/finops-toolkit: docs-mslearn/toolkit/hubs/configure-ai.md

<br>

> ## Configure Microsoft Copilot Studio
> 
> You can create a FinOps hub agent in Microsoft Copilot Studio that connects to your hub database via the Kusto Query MCP Server. This agent can be published to Microsoft Teams or Microsoft 365 Copilot, making cost insights available to your entire organization.
> 
> For step-by-step instructions, see [Configure a FinOps hub agent in Microsoft Copilot Studio](configure-ai-copilot-studio.md).

Reviewer: 🤖 [AI][Claude] ⚠️ **Should fix**

Every other section in this file has a `<br>` separator before the next `##` heading. This new section is missing one after line 66, creating inconsistent spacing before the "Connect from other AI platforms" section.

**Suggestion:** Add `<br>` after the cross-reference link and before the next section:

```suggestion
For step-by-step instructions, see [Configure a FinOps hub agent in Microsoft Copilot Studio](configure-ai-copilot-studio.md).

<br>

```

Author: Fixed — `<br>` separator added.
